Add detailed README (#39)
RedHatInsights/rbac-config: README.md

# rbac-config

==============================================================

> Predefined roles for Insights Role Based Access Control README

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predefined roles and access for Insights Role Based Access Control README
```

==============================================================

~~~~~
About
~~~~~

> Repository for housing decoupled RBAC service roles configs. These roles would be seeded into each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository for housing decoupled RBAC service roles configs. These roles will be seeded into each
```

tenant/account.

> Platform default roles are the roles associated with platform default group, which defines the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform default roles are the roles associated with the platform default group, which defines the default
```

> permissions for a principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
permissions for a principal. These roles cannot be modified from the UI or the API.
```

RBAC service repo: https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-rbac

Development
===========

After you clone the RBAC service repo, replace contens in the insights-rbac/rbac/management/role/definitions folder 
with the json files in the configs folder of rbac-config.

Contributing
=============

Add new roles
-------------
Follow existing examples to add roles including name, description, system flag, acess with permissions.
If you want the new role to be associated with platform default group (which defines the default permissions
for principals in a tenant), you have to add the platform_default flag and set it as true.

Set the version to 2 for the new role in order to trigger the seeding in the rbac service.

Format of permissions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The permission should have the format of <application>:<resource>:<action>. There is no restrictions of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The permission should have the format of <application>:<resource>:<action>. There are no restrictions on the
```

> resource or action word, i.e. you could define any resource or action. It is up to App team to determine how to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource or action word, i.e. you could define any resource or action. It is up to the app team to determine how to use the
```

> resource and action themself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource and action themselves.
```

Update roles
-------------
When you update the role, please change the version number of the role for the service to pick up new features.

> If you update the name of the role, which would generate a new role but keep the old one. Please reach out to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you update the name of the role, it will generate a new role but keep the old one. Please reach out to 
```

> RBAC team to solve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RBAC team to resolve this.
```

Delete roles
-------------

> Currently, if you delete the role, it would still exist. Please reach out to RBAC team to delete them from database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, if you delete a role from the config, it will still exist. Please reach out to RBAC team to delete them from database.
```

Deployment
==========

> When PR is merged to master/qa/prod branch, it would take up to 1 day to seed new roles in CI/QA/PROD. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your PR is merged to master/qa/prod branch, it will take up to 1 day to seed new roles in CI/QA/PROD, as we have a daily task to update any new config. 
```

> If you are want the deployment faster, please reach out to RBAC team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need the roles available faster, please reach out to RBAC team.
```

# rbac-config

=========================================================================
Predefined roles and access for Insights Role Based Access Control README
=========================================================================

~~~~~
About
~~~~~

Repository for housing decoupled RBAC service roles configs. These roles will be seeded into each
tenant/account.

Platform default roles are the roles associated with the platform default group, which defines the default
permissions for a principal. These roles cannot be modified from the UI or the API.

RBAC service repo: https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-rbac

RBAC platform doc: https://platform-docs.cloud.paas.psi.redhat.com/backend/rbac.html

Development
===========

> After you clone the RBAC service repo, replace the contens in the insights-rbac/rbac/management/role/definitions folder 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you clone the RBAC service repo, replace the contents in the insights-rbac/rbac/management/role/definitions folder 
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed
